FrontPage

here I want to add vim as the editor for moin

so what is visible in editor is actually in a tmp file, it is only saved to the real page in data/pages/ when "Save Changes" is clicked.

So now I need to find out where the tmp file is.  when client side user click "Edit(text)", I just add

<example>
import os
os.system("vim cur_file") #current file means the file opened by Moin's own editor
</example>
I think I can also flash Moin's editor the moment vim quit. I add

<example>
gggggggg
</example>
to this page, and search in pet's home dir and found it is in

<example>
./.mozilla/firefox/mkyaxt0x.default/sessionstore.js
</example>
/!\ but this file only contains "ggggggg", everything else is not found. now it gets difficult.

:-0so I just give up finding some tmp file.

** Better way **
 1. below I just let vim open the real current file,
 1. and after vim quite, then moin editor will read the modified version of '''current''',
 1. this may produce some confusion when moin tries to generate diff, but basically it works.
 <example>
--------------------------- MoinMoin/action/edit.py ---------------------------
index ad45d47..de4a288 100644
@@ -10,7 +10,6 @@
 """
...
     else: # 'text'
+        import os
         from MoinMoin.PageEditor import PageEditor
...
-        cmd * "vim "+pagename
+        re_path * "wiki/data/pages/"+pagename #not absolute path
+        f * open (re_path+"/current","r")
+        revision * f.read() #get revision num
+        file_name * re_path+"/revisions/"+revision
+        cmd * "vim "+file_name
+         os.system(cmd)
</example>

** Problem **
is vim is also invoked when you click '''Save Cancle ...'''

actually problems like above can be soloved like this, maybe stupidly
<example>
--------------------------- MoinMoin/action/edit.py ---------------------------
index ae6e39e..3b3aee3 100644
@@ -84,7 +84,8 @@ def execute(pagename, request):
         pg * PageEditor(request, pagename)
         if cancelled:
             pass
-
+        if savetext is not None: 
+            pass
         else:
             import os
             print "---PageEditor------------------------------"
</example>


And I actually tried gvim as well, but end up not satisfied with the result, there were too many problems
<example>
pet@girl:~$ gvim
pet@girl:~$ gvim ss
pet@girl:~$ sudo apt-get install vim-python
</example>

So I will give up!
** Solution **
haha, I finally got the cure of all my pain
https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/4125

and to make the thing perfect, people also made a emacs mode for
'''moin  editing''' , it goes here
http://moinmo.in/EmacsForMoinMoin#preview
