
** AK.
1. in *gui/main.cpp*

<example>
 g_pclsFileCtl * new classFileCtl(g_szAF,g_szTF);
 strAk*g_pclsFileCtl->GetAuthenKey();
</example>

2. Now in *GetAuthenKey()*;
  we know AK is read from :

<example>
 AUTHEN_FILE_PATH    *    "/var/axtu";
 AUTHEN_FILE_NAME    *    "asianux-auth";
</example>

3. so where is the number in asianux-auth from?

 A: it is from remote side.

4. The following words are from axtu flow chart,

<example>
For registration : ID, PassWord, Product Key
               HW hash value are sent.
To access for updating : AK, HW Hash value are sent.
</example>
Which means AK is read form remote side, form auth server

Q: Does axtu call auth_client again, even the right ak is still there?

For now I believe the answer is yes, since axtu itslef only sent AK&&TK to the sever side

the following code is in the constuctor of " ./gui/axtu/classGui.cpp"

<example>
        if(m_nMode !* ERASE_MODE)
        {
                int nResult * m_Network->CheckAuthen();
</example>

*systerm("axtu-auth-client")* is called uncondtionally in *CheckAuthen()*

so whenever axtu starts, auth-client is always called.

NOTE: I think the above also means, when axtu use aktk to access repo, it has nothing to do with auth-server. Eagually it means auth-client handles everything, in corperate with auth-server, but when ak and tk are ready axtu will talk to autn_mysql directly, then downing packages, during this process, neither auth_client nor server does anything.

** e
when authen program start, first it will make clear it is Register mode or access mode,

<example>
if(auth)
{
read AK from local
}
else
{
creat AK in remote and read
}
</example>

** f 
in v_1_0.php , the server actually the the following things to AK

1.$authen_key = trim($_POST['ak']);

//receive ak from client

2. if( (strlen($authen_key) ** 0) && (strlen($product_number) !* 0)){
 
//if client AK does not esist, go to register
