## page was renamed from HaniiPpt
son of YumHacking

metadata*200
200 secs later yum will update cashe xmls

--group is just like comps file

yum versionlog plugin to use as blklist


***
Fedora10 kde has kpackagekit

***
below is from hwanii ppt file

How to setup repository
 - When a package is added/removed from a repository, you can update the repodata so that clients get updated with the repodata.

 - There are some useful tools you can use to manage yum repositories.
repomanage -k2 --old /some/dir | xargs rm –f  : to delete old files from repository
reposync : to sync between two repo or to clone a repository.
verifytree : to verify repositories and repodata
http://yum.baseurl.org/wiki/RepoTools for details
Createrepo v 0.9.5 is required.
        --update option is supported from v 0.9.5
        it can be updated on AXS3, which has 0.4.3. without ‘update option’, creating repodata takes too long time. So it must be updated.

  -  v 0.9.7 seems to support delta rpm and requires yum v3.2.22 (higher than one in AXS3).     We might as well support delta RPMs on AXS4 if it is stable enough.

Suggested command to create repository
# createrepo –c /tmp/createrepo.cache/ARCH --update –database –g COMPFILE.xml /var/www/html/auth/asianux/AXS3/ARCH/
- you can put the repodata into another place by option “-o /PATH”
- comsfile should be in the target directory.

---
TIP : Yum Configuration
- Incase we have to modify the repository,
        set up “Metadata_expire*200”
        default is much bigger.
        Yum will download metadata again if last update is older than 200 seconds.


- You need to set “gpgcheck*0” to disable gpg key check for AXS3. but it should be working fine with qpgcheck
---
How yum deals with issues we met with AXTU

1. Obsolete package handling
        - when updating packages with obsolete tag, the obsoleted packages are removed. But they(obsoleted packages) will show up in available package list for installation.
2. Packages with multi-architectures.
        - it works fine.
3. Blacklist. (AXTU, Yum?)
 - not the same but plugin “yum-versionlock” would do the same function. Or we can make one.
4. none-latest package detection
        - yum support, AXTU does not support. Ex) A 1.2 requires B 1.2 but the newest version is B1.3. AXTU can not install A 1.2 but yum can.
5. kernel update (not install)
        - Kernel-header and kernel-doc are updated and only the latest versions remain.
        - for other kernels packages, latest three packages are kept.
      - when old kernel is removed, dependent packages like kmod are remove together.
6. Incompatible package handling?
 - yum does not have it.. (as far as I know
---

When a package is added/removed from a repository, you can update the repodata so that clients get updated with the repodata.

 - There are some useful tools you can use to manage yum repositories.
repomanage -k2 --old /some/dir | xargs rm –f  : to delete old files from repository
reposync : to sync between two repo or to clone a repository.
verifytree : to verify repositories and repodata
http://yum.baseurl.org/wiki/RepoTools for details
---
