VIM command
==
:make
:make install 
:!autoscan
:Tohtml
you don't need to quite to run these command
** undo-redo
u
Ctrl+R
** delete the following 100 lines
d100

** jump 10 line
10+Enter
** go to specific line
:23
//go to line 23

** substtution
%s/god/dog/gc

** 
b 	To the beginning of a word.
B 	To the beginning of a whitespace-delimited word.
0 	To the beginning of a line.
^ 	To the first non-whitespace character of a line.
$ 	To the end of a line.
H 	To the first line of the screen.

M 	To the middle line of the screen.
L 	To the the last line of the screen.
:n 	Jump to line number n. For example, to jump to line 42, you'd type :42

Deleting text
Vim command 	Action
x 	Delete characters under the cursor.
X 	Delete characters before the cursor.
dd or :d 	Delete the current line.

Search
Vim command 	Action
/pattern 	Search the file for pattern.
n 	Scan for next search match in the same direction.
N 	Scan for next search match but opposite direction.

gg	jump to the top
** r+otherkey-----------replace one character

**  press End, to jump to the end of a line.
 press Home, to jump to the beginning of a line.

NOTE: below stuff is added by =:r filename=, the former content fo this file is not overwriten

1. delete one line
<example>
dd
</example>

1. delete n(1,2,3...) line
<example>
ndd
</example>
1. delete form current position to the end of this line
<example>
D
</example>

1. delete from current to the end of the file
<example>
dG
</example>

1. delete form current to the end of the word
<example>
dw
</example>

1.delete the following one char
<example>
dl
</example>


1. to Yank all
<example>
gg #goto the top of the file first
yG #cp everything
</example>

1. current position to the end of the file
<example>
yG
</example>

1. yank one line 
<example>
Y or yy
</example>

1. yank 2 line
<example>
2Y or 2yy
</example>


