son of FrontPage


* TODO 
** wtec
I need to add wtec signup page to axtu-authen-client
FYI, WTEC registraion page.
http://www.wtec.co.th/asianux_registration.html

Better to comfirm with wtec guys before I do the patch
        


* SDS 
** tips
 - NOTE:
   SDS will fail to readout package info if you have format error in spec file,
   even it is a missing '-' in the changlog

 - SDS can change Bugzilla info automaticlly
  1. change status: received->fixed
  1. sent a comment to bugzilla

 - choose Current<->mantaivence
    check Bugzilla->type
 - every time I apply a patch, I need to change spec file of my package
  1. release number must be changed
  1. add changelog

** If you want to build
<example>
$ssh 10.1.0.8 --------------jupiter(32 bit)
10.1.0.3-------------pluto(64 bit)
10.1.0.4-------------suteng
</example>

login jupiter first
<example>
$rm -rf tmp/everything
sudo  /project/bin/axbldpkg -j Quartet-sp2  -V 3.0  -w ~/sds/ -t /home/peter/tmp/    axtu
for 1.4 MT, use below
sudo  /project/bin/axbldpkg -j Quartet-sp2  -V 3.0-maint  -w ~/sds/ -t /home/peter/tmp/    axtu
</example>

but when I use this to do MT(1.4) I see
<example>
<romi>
PACKAGE NAME:       axtu
PACKAGE VERSION:    1.5
ls: /home/peter/sds//packages/axtu/1.5/-.spec: No such file or directory
No such spec file.

ERROR PACKAGE(S):
        axtu
- Removing working directory...
- Removing working directory in virbuild...

open log file? (y/n) [y]: n
Canceled.
PLEASE CHECK /tmp/axbld.log.28050!!
[peter@pluto ~]$ sudo  /project/bin/axbldpkg -j Quartet-sp2  -V 3.0  -w ~/sds/ -t /home/peter/tmp/    axtu
</>
</example>
What shall I do ?
<example>
sudo  /project/bin/axbldpkg -j Quartet-sp2  -V 3.0-maint  -w ~/sds/ -t /home/peter/tmp/    axtu
3.0-maint is from VERMAP
</example>




** test case study 
<example>
$cd /usr/share/doc/asianux-release/
$rpm --import RPM-GPG-KEY

[root@dhcp16 x86_64]# cd /usr/share/doc/asianux-release/
[root@dhcp16 asianux-release]# ls
EULA  EULA.ja  EULA.ko  EULA.zh_CN  EULA.zh_TW  GPL  INSTALLATION  README  RPM-GPG-KEY  RPM-GPG-KEY.ia32
[root@dhcp16 asianux-release]# rpm --import RPM-GPG-KEY
[root@dhcp16 asianux-release]# rpm --import RPM-GPG-KEY.ia32
[root@dhcp16 asianux-release]# cd
[root@dhcp16 ~]# ls
anaconda-ks.cfg  Desktop  install.log  install.log.syslog  x86_64
[root@dhcp16 ~]# cd x86_64/
[root@dhcp16 x86_64]# ls
BASE  BASE.header.info  SELF  SELF.header.info  UPDATE  UPDATE.header.info
[root@dhcp16 x86_64]# hsyum-arch UPDATE
*** HS Updater Server Inforamtion File Creator *****************
Found Target Directories : ./RPMS
Digesting rpms 100 % complete: kudzu-1.2.57.1.15-1.1AXS3.x86_64.rpm             m86_64.rpm.rpm
   Total: 1305
   Used: 1305
   Src: 0

Writing header.info file
</example>
 - you only need to do it once, but if it is not done, error when you issue "rpm -K xxx.rpm"



** Bugzilla 
<example>
Hi Developers,

For beta4 release, I don't run the script to change the status to
INTEGRATED.
Please do it by yourself after you confirmed that CD includes your fix.
This has to be completed by 05/25.

Thank you,
-Jun
</example>

 - to do this, I need to wait a email for this beta, then If I see
 - xxx-9AX is inside the list. that means ...5,6,7,8 will also be
 - integrated.
-


** VERMAP-DIR

as long as they do not touch axtu,
I do not need to update it on
<example>
romi:/home/peter/sds/VERMAP-DIR
</example>

** svn 
<example>
$svn log 1.4
$svn co $SR/axtu/1.4 -r r5850 // on peter-laptop
$svn co $SR/axtu/1.4 -r 5850 //on romi
</example>

** rpm info

rpm source code
<example>
romi: /project/pool/Trinity/ia32/pool/SRPMS/rpm-4.3.3-26_nonptl.1AXS2.src.rpm
</example>
Where to get the lastest rpms  and src_rpms, such as beta4 ones?
<example>
$ssh jupiter
$cd  /project/Quartet/distro/asianux-3.0/iso-images ------lastest iso go here
</example>
later Huajie will copy the lastest ISOs to romi:/project/ISO/
<example>
/project/Quartet/distro/asianux-3.0/src/SRPMS--------------lastest src rpms
</example>

** NOTE 

when Jun apprival my IP, I need to login SDS  to change it status to "closed".
And after the svn merge, I need close the bugs and check if the change is really integrated in the new ISO, but how?
ANSWER:Wait for the Email from Jun. Check the number "?" in "axtu...-?AX".

 - when you change the IP
  1. check file again to regenerate spec.diff
  1. add postfix to attached img file(like .png)

 - be sure to build the package brfore sending IP
note the name "axtu" or "axtu-authen-client" in
<example>
$sudo  /project/bin/axbldpkg -j Quartet-sp2  -V 3.0  -w ~/sds/ -t /home/peter/tmp/    axtu
</example>
** spcewalk

<example>
url:    https://10.1.0.76/rhn/
id:     yuzhu
pwd: abc123
</example>
if you have any question let me know,regards!
** Sent a IP
on local machine
<example>
ssh peter@romi
svn co $SR/axtu/1.5      
</example>
on romi 
<example>
[peter@romi axtu]$ ls
1.5
[peter@romi axtu]$ pwd
/home/peter/sds/packages/axtu
</example>
then 
 1. change spec
 1. change source code
 1. choose MT or CurrentDev in sds
 1. compile             
** Axtu Working Copy 
How to checkout my own working copy

 1. login to rumi

 1. export SR*svn+ssh://peter@10.1.0.96/SDSrepo/trunk/packages/
    
    I already write it into romi;~/.bash_profile

 1. cd romi:/home/peter/sds/packages/

 1. svn co ''$SR/axtu/''  never change the structure, otherwise SDS can not find the code

 1. svn co ''$SR/VERMAP-DIR''

 1. svn co svn+ssh://peter@10.1.0.96/SDSrepo/trunk/comps

    ''romi: /project/bin/axbldpkg'' is the shell script make your source code into a rpm package

 - axtu repo here, but I am not sure if it is the main one???NO

   http://romi.asianux.net/SDSrepo/trunk/packages/axtu/
   
   don't check out here

 
** IP_WE_NEED 
>>>DHCP

1. Pierrik
Laptop:    1
Desktop:  0
Vm:         2

2. Hwanii
Laptop:      1
Desktop:     0
Vm:            4

3. XueHong
Laptop:     1
Desktop:    0
Vmware:

4. Jiuxing
Laptop: 1
Desktop:
Vmware:

5. ZhuYu
Laptop:  1
Desktop:
Vmware: 2

6. Peter
Laptop: 1
Desktop:
Vmware: 3

7. New comers(two guys)

Laptop:  2
Desktop:
Vmware: 5


8. The desktop on my right side:
Laptop: 1
Desktop:
Vmware:



>>>Static IP

---real machine
230 : tsn_all
245: build_env

---VM

244: Tsn test server
246: TSN HQ Clone
201: SDS dev server
220: TSN HQ dev server
219: AXTU test server
155: AXTU test server

+ 3 more Static for futher use


>>>SO
tatal DHCP : 24 +5
tatal STATIC: 11+5


* Non-Tech
** approval
intranet->approval->vacation

add Ray+Shiery+SMT(Software maintainence team) as recipeants

add Hwanii as first approver and then Jaykey as final approver
** They way I work
go the axtu-debug/ and see what a mess there!!!
I need rules to devide all stuff here into distingushed parts, and yet well keep their connection.

too much disorgnized contents, why is this?

 1. I hate bug-reports, they are always misleading and useless, but here I am now forced to work this way, so I need to mv someaxtu-debug content into bugzilla discussion, and backup my own bugs, and all the sds diff for each IP I sent. How comes I need to backupbugzilla and sds? it's the work of the company, but those guys are not smart enough to keep my data safe.
 1. biggest trouble is from sds&svn, I hate them with all my passion. I can not wirte commit log, how rediculous! But anyway I have git now, so big part of axtu-debug can go into git log and source code comments. comments are really important for me, but I won't commit them into svn. My git repo will be the final authrity for axtu development
 1. I really need to change the way I take debug notes, otherwise things will get undercontrol getting bigger.

>>> some conclutions are really useful for later development, I will copy(maybe mv is better, since it is always stupid to maintain two copy of the same thing) it to doc-axtu/, such as HOW_AXTU_USE_AK and AXTU_GUI_WORK_FLOW, and this also means we do not need peki/study/axtu/ anymore.
** Jun Letter 

<example>
Hi All,

I think some of you already know about this.
But let me send this out for confirmation and for new developer.

1. When a bug assigned to you and you started to work on it.
   You have to change the status of bug to 'RECEIVED'.
   Then other people can know you are investigating the bug.
   And SDS cannot change its status to FIXED when IP has been closed.

2. Send IP.
   SDS will change the status of bug to FIXED when you closed IP.
   You have to be sure you have changed the status to RECEIVED before
   sending IP, or SDS cannot change the status to FIXED automatically.

3. Status of bug will be changed to INTEGRATED automatically.
   I run a script every week. The script will make a list of bugs which
   have been fixed in specified period. And I'll give the list to testers.
   They will start to verify our fix without waiting new ISO release.
   But the script cannot take care of some bugs such as new package,
   non-RECEIVED bug before closing IP.
   I'll inform you such bugs. You have to confirm if the fix exists
   and you have to leave a comment immediately. If you delay it, it
   influence testers schedule.

4. At new ISO is going to be released.
   The status of bugs would be INTEGRATED by 3 at new ISO release.
   But developer have to confirm if the ISO includes your fix or not.
   You have to leave a comment on each bugs which you owned to make sure
   about it.

If you don't change the bug status to RECEIVED, you have to do from 2
to 4 by yourself. And it might have impact on the schedule.
So please be careful about it. We have some bugs whose status is still
NEW or REOPENED.

Thanks,
-Jun

</example>                                                                                             
