<contents>

**  dev process
<example>
Dear Hwanii,

I am writing to express one my little ideas about our dev process.

the topic is:
Developer's should in charge of tech decision making, not managers,
and it is redicuous to let testers to teach developers how to do
development! 

The topics is a little aggressive, but I will say it is obtained not
out of my personal anger but rather my long time observation of axtu
development. 

axtu started 5 years ago with serious consideration of our company and
for the beginning was well developed by talented programmers. But now
it is a pic of crap!! Why? When I first joined, I tent to believe it
is the developer of axtu who is to blame, but now I think I understand
the issue better, and thus the topic. 

Software development is a awesome work, and it is like building a
house, all the new feathers should be built on a solid underlaying. So
most improtant thing is not to get the job done but done in the right
way, this is far to difficult for outsiders to understand. 

I am a poor developer, I care nothing about money or position in the
company, my whole desire is to make good softeware, I hope my stupid
passion will not hurt other people's feelings. 
-- 
Regards
</example>
the reply was polite:
<example>
12/3/09	
Hi,

It is not that test team decide whether to fix a bug or not. the decision is
made among manages, also other developers even with Marketings. There
are many things to take into consideration other then technical things.
You can alway try to convience us or them.

Source at some point after the original version release is always not clean
as it was when it was just released. We brushed up the source code of
AXTU at some point acutally which might look nice to you. I think it went
a kind of messy after that time. I can tell you that no one would liked it in
this way.

I am glad you sent this email to me indeed. If you have any question, please
tell me, ask me. I don't see what I was going to say here but we can talk
during team meeting.

Cheers,
Hwanii
</example>

**  bug7500

Bugzilla Comment:
<example>
Here I am forced to fix this bug, how stupid the meeting decision is! ...
</example>


** Break out

<example>
12/12/09	
Hi Hwanii,

These days, there were several times that I kept my voice high when we
discussed some issues. I did not mean to be rude, simply wanted to
shout the truth out. You've been really kind to me sine I joined
Asianux, so even I am really angry, I should not be rude to you. 

However issues remain issues. These days I found it is really
difficult to carry out my work efficiently, I kept being
interrupted. Therefore, there are two things I would insist to settle
the problem: 

 1. I am the only axtu developer, and naturally the leader of the
    development. So from now on, I will consider the meeting decisions
    on axtu bugs as suggestions rather than commands. Fix or hold, I
    shall be the final decision maker. As to bug7500, I will hold it. 
 2. As every morning I came into the office 2 hours earlier than
    everybody, so next week, I will leave at 4:00 pm. 

That's all, I consider the two request as very natral and all real
software comanies can easily accept to ensure the productivity and
creativity of their developers. I look forward to your kind
approval. However, If any of that makes you unhappy, plz kick me out
of the company as soon as possible. Since I do not want anybody be
unhappy because of me. Since the sole purpose of my life is to make
people around me cheerful.  

Regards
Peter

12/12/09
	
Since this one might be one of the last few letters I sent to you, if
you finally decide to fire me. So I would like to do some
explanations:-) 

Q: why I do not like do explanations?
A: This is not true anyway, If you know some of my college time
classmates, you will know I actually had a strong passion for
explaining technical things. That was my happiest time in college,
when I saw those curious eyes got satisfied. However, in Asianux,
explanation is totally sth different, every time I was called into
meeting room, I feel I am not explaining, but begging on my
keens. Nobody is actually interested in that tech point, after my
words, they got nothing useful but the final conclusion that this guy
is just lazy, he simply does not want to do this. 

Q: Why you work so hard?
A: This is true, haha:-) I work for my hornor. I have to work hard to
switch my self quickly form C++ to python, then to PHP, the switches
are not really what I want but I felt it is necessary for our porject,
so I did it without saying a word. Therefore I need to work really
hard to get myself use to these  languages, and hoped my devotion can
win me some respect. Now I see I was wrong, I am still treated like a
dog, it  is no difference how  hard I work. I think I understand why
most people in the office, just spent most of their time watching
videos, plays games...haha, damn this world... 

complain won't change anything, the harsh truth simply means I need to
work even harder to make my dream. see
http://catb.org/~esr/faqs/hacker-howto.html to know which kind of
person I want to be. 

Remember my words: Fight for justice and your dream, you will be happy, NOW
</example>
Then came the reply
<example>

12/13/09
Peter,

To make things short, I will let you leave the company. Before you
leave, please make
documents or simple explanations about the yum-plugin and the AXTU
patch you worked on.
Working hour is from 9AM to 6PM. You don't need to open the door so please come
around 9AM and leave around 6PM until you leave the company. Hopefully
and Lastly
I want to lean how to check in and check out AXTU source since I will
have to try to
fix the bug by myself. It is going to take ages though...


I CC RH and other managers since it would help them understand why you
are leaving.

Enjoy the rest of weekend and I will see you tomorrow.


Regards,
Hwanii


PS:
For your understanding on our decision, this is what would be
happening if you(or me)
do not fix the bug. You don't feel like, don't read it. but I think it
would help you understand
how most of organizations work.

1. I have to test and study how current AXTU works with the bug.
 it only appears in "update" but can be updated? or we can not update
it in any way at all???
 ...and so no.

2. we need to write a FAQ

3. We need to explain why we can not fix this to RF, ML, HS, Vietsoft.

4. Local company (RF, ML, HS) will have to write the FAQ in ther
languages and release/post them somewhere(through web site? or
newletter ...)

5. some engineer will have to update the package for customer or
explain them how to update on the phone
or through email.

6. Asianux product image will become bad.

7. at some point in the future, we will have to fix the bug anyway
since it's an important bug.


Guess what? as a company, it is NOT that efficient.

you said you were a responsible person, but you are not. I am sorry,
but I am telling the truth from
my point of view. You are the AXTU developer, you don't want to fix a
bug since you are busy for
yum study which I(your manager) asked you to stop.

You didn't show us a good reason why not to fix it. but you shouted at
me saying that I was wasting
your time. but see how much time you stole from me and us so far?

As I said I suggest you to apply for a big lab which belongs to a big
company. I think that would
work well with you and you can be a good researcher.


Regards,
Hwanii
</example>

** The Handover

<example>
12/15/09
Hi Hwanii,

I am not very happy today, so do not expect I can show up this week, I
will be in the office next week and have a nice communication with
bill about YUM then. 

-- 
Regards
Peter

	
12/15/09	
Hi Peter,

I will let HR and developers know about your schedule.

Regards,
Hwanii
</example>


** Paper Work
<example>
12/14/09	
Hi Wang Guang Zhong , 

please follow the process below:

1. submit  the letter of resignation to shirley, that need to be handwriting by yourself. 

2. pleade finish the Demission takes over form . shirley can help you . 

3. I talk this with Hwanni, you can leave at the end of Dec, if you finish all the work . 

any questions , please let me know. 

best regards, 
ray
</example>

** Jaykey left as well

<example>
12/15/09
Dear family,

We are just at the corner of the end of this year, and we will make a
new plan and a wish again. 
Asianux has been still making success since the end of 2003 when RF
and ML made great idea and organized it and it is already over 6
years. 
We have worked by same idea for 6 years, but we will totally change
the development policies and systems in next year. I am sure that we
can allocate resources more efficiently, and we can make more usuful
development result. 

Even we did very good job and many project was success, Asianux
business result was no good due to outernal and internal
issues. Global economy crysis was one of the biggest reason. 
Currently we have many difficulties, global venders has decreased
their budget to suuport us, many projects in each territory are
canceled, some proejcts budget was minimized, our shareholders sales
are worse than before and so on. 
Our business companies, our shareholders are doing their best to
overcome the difficulties, and I believe they could be faced better
situation. 

Our salary will be no change in next year. 
I'd like to say very sorry and kindly undersand current situation. Our
3 shareholders also couldn't increase their employees salary, even a
company cut off big portion of the salary. 

I have to say sorry again, I will work until this Friday and I will
leave from Beijing. I have to be back to Haansoft for Haansoft's OSS
business. 
Substitution for me, Jun will take care of Server Business Unit as COO. I believe he can do better than me.
I have just looked back the past 1 & half year while I have been
working with you in Wuxi and Beijing. It will be one of the most
important memory in my life, and I will never forget many happenings
with you. 

But it is not meaning of good bye forever, I will visit to Beijing as
business trips and I can meet you again. I hope I can meet everyone
with happiness and healthy when I visit again. 

Enjoy your job, be happy with together~!

XieXie,
Jaykay Kim

</example>
