<contents>
** Blug Spam Post
It was all started by a post in the IRC of http://www.beijinglug.org

<example>
Me as a guest:
Hello, everybody! Is there no one need a new apartment to live? 
I have one

Fred:
Is it a spam?

Me:
Yes, but the price is good...

Fred:
You are not welcomed here!... But do you know Linux?

Me:
Not much... but I am trying to find a job related

Fred:

You can have a look at our forum, the job_posting session...
</example>

So I went to
http://www.beijinglug.org/en/index.php?option=com_kunena&Itemid=136

and checked

** Keith helped
...and found a post form Keith hiring a kernel developer 

It was still more than half a year before I finish my goddam
postgraduate study. But I thought why not have a try 

<example>
10/20/08	
hello Keith,

I am writing to see whether the job positions are still available in Asianux. My name on BLUG website is happypeter
and i am currently the manager of Embedded Linux Group there.

So plz allow me to introduce myself first, i am a graduate student now in North China Electrical Power University,
in my last few month here. I have been working on embedded linux since 2006. Developing device driver for my own made
hardware is mainly what i do everyday. And when i am coding GUI, QT is my favorite.

Usually i take myself as a kernel developer, for most time i stay in the kernel. But Qt writing is also attractive to me
and i will be happy to accept jobs in this filed as well.

Phone me anytime you like at 13426083580, it will be my pleasure to be your friend.

Regards

Peter 


10/21/08
Hi Peter,

 I'm happy to know you.  Can you please send us a CV or resume (in English) to careers@asianux.com, and cc: <hwanii.jung@asianux.com>

 Hwanii is the manager looking for the QT dev.  I'm looking for a sys
 admin.  We had a kernel dev position opened before, but that was
 filled recently by another BLUG member :)  

 I do need to say we are in a hiring freeze at the moment.  We're
 still doing interviews, with hopes the freeze will lift before next
 month (November). 

--
Best Regards,
 Keith Hopkins
 Strategic Alliance Manager
 Marketing and Business Dept
 Asianux Corporation Ltd.

</example>

so I sent my resume([[peter_resume]]), this is the letter back form Keith


<example>
10/21/08
Hi Peter,

  I love this.  It made several of us very happy to read it.  I think we have to find you some position here.

--Keith


On 10/21/2008 04:49 PM, Peter King wrote:
>
> Life Experience
>
> The 2nd day of 1983: My mother gave birth to me in a small village
not far from the sea, where I spent my whole happy childhood. There
was a big fruit garden behind our house I should mention. Spring
flowers there were most beautiful thing in my eyes when I was small
until several years later I realized girls were even more attractive 
>
>
</example>

To tell the truth I was really happy to stumb across a company as
open-minded as this.

<example>
10/21/08 
Hi Keith,


Thank you for saying that, I am quit flattered. It will be great to work for Asianux with people as friendly as you around me. 

i will continue writing to you to make myself better known. I think we can be very good friends!

Regards

Peter

</example>


** Hwanii Showed up
so I sent Hawanii my info, and here comes his first letter
<example>
10/21/08	
Dear Peter King,

I am Hwanii Jung, Software Maintenance Team manager in Asianux.

We are holding our hiring activities at the morment by some reason. However,
if you think that you are qualified and want the position, please let us know
so that we can contact you and arrange an interview when we are able to hire
the possition again.

The person we want to hire is an application developer who has Linux
Devevelpment experience, familier with RPM and Autoconf and so on.

The software you might develop when you join us is a linux server application
written in C++ with QT. It will be built as a RPM package using Autoconf.

If you are looking for becoming a kernel developer or mobile application
developmer, this position can not satisfy you.

Regards,
Hwanii
</example>
My reply was phony:
<example>
10/22/08	
Hello Hwanii,

Thank you for your letter, for the detailed information. I should say
Asianux seems to be a wonderful place to start my career. 

I will be more than willing to work there as a QT developer. But i
think i need to say more about myself to make it clearer that whether 
i am qualified for this position. I love Qt but i am not a quit
experienced Qt user. I spent most of my time staying in the kernel, so
i think i know 
linux well. I stared to learn Qt last year to develop GUI for my
instrument, but they were  small program for embedded
platform. Sometimes i wrote small applications for desktop linux OS
platform and even windowsXP, but that does not means i am ready to
develop sever applicaions if it is big and compilcated. However, I
once talked to my Qt developer friends in lenovo and found they knew
more classes, but i understand the whole OS deeper. So when things
went wrong, i am more capable to get them right. But when it comes to
development speed, i am lagged behind^_^ 

But if i am hired as a Qt developer, I do not mind working long hours
at the beginning to fill this gap. I want this job, cause it is good
chance to sharpen my C++ skills. I am a good communicator and speaks
very good English, i love pressure and challenges. 

Regards

Peter     

		
10/22/08	
Dear Peter King,

Thank you for the writing. I will let you know when we are able to arrange
an interview. Hopely see you soon.

Regards,
Hwanii

</example>
SO, I waited for a long long time, but finally came 
** The Interview 
<example>
11/13/08	
Hello Peter,

Now that we can proceed with hiring new staff, I would like to
arrange an interview with you at 10AM on 17th. If you are still
interested in the position please contect us.
- Show quoted text -


Regards,
Hwanii

 
11/13/08
Hello Hwanii,

Thanks for your letter. Working for Asianux is still one of my best choices. I am sure  I will be there on time for the Interview.

Would you plz send me the detailed info? Which place shall i be to meet you?  Thanks

Regards

Peter

 
11/14/08
Hi Peter, 

Shirley's office tel:  XXXXXX

If you have any problems  and and  questions to find our office, please ask  her. 

best regards, 

Rui


11/14/08
Peter,

Our office is

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

See you at 10AM on Monday. If you have any problem with finding the place, please
contect Shirley( in CC list ).

Regards,
Hwanii


11/14/08
Hi,	
Now everything is made clear, I will be there on time i am sure. Many thanks!

Regards
Peter
</example>

** Answer the quiz
So I took a interview, below is a answer for the homework exam that
they gave me:

<example>
11/22/08
Hi Huanii,

I have finished the quiz, it was not easy:)

1. the answer for q1) is right there in my attached file

2. if I need to edit one line to better the performance of sort_list(), I will comment out the following line:
//last = eol;
I am not sure if this is the right answer, see more about this in the attached file
plz teach me by sending me another email if my answer is not correct

3. I hope the makefile I wrote is what you want, if not, plz sent me the better one

The Asianux office is a nice place to work and you people are kind and friendly, I believe
I will be happy working there. Look forward to seeing you again.


Regards

Peter
asianux_answer.tar.gz
</example>

** Decision made
Note the gap between the two letters
<example>
2/9/09	
Hello Peter,

This is Hwanii from Asianux. I am wondering if you have found a job yet.
Hiring new sfaff has been hold by some reasons. Now that we have started
the hiring activity again, I would like to know if you are still interested in
our company.

Best Regards,
Hwanii
 

2/9/09	
Hi Hwanii,

Thanks for your letter. Truth is that I have been busy with my
graduate paper since we met in Asianux office last time, and did not
take any interview since then. Now I do not have any job offer yet. 

Well, I am actually still quite interested in the position in Asianux,
and would like to do anything to make myself understood better, if
necessary. Here in the attached file you will find the new version of
my resume, I hope you find something interesting through these links. 

Bad news is that my grandma left us this morning, I will leave first
thing tomorrow to attend her funeral, and will be back 3 or 4 days
later. 

Keep in touch and best wishes!

Regards
Peter
 
resume-v12.pdf
</example>
Then I went back to say the last goodbye to grandma, and when I was
back in Beijing, I saw:
<example>
2/10/09	
Peter,

I am sorry to hear that news. I hope you and your family will get over it well.
A question for you. I remember that you would be able to start from March
or April. Can you tell me when you can star working with us?

Take your time and tell me when you come back.

Regards,
Hwanii


2/14/09
Hi Hwanii,

>I am sorry to hear that news. I hope you and your family will get
over it  well. 
Thanks for your kind words!  Grandma is now forever sleeping in a
quiet beautiful place outside a fruit garden. It's not far form our
house which means we will be able to come and say her hello very
often, so there is no need to be sad. 


>A question for you. I remember that you would be able to start from
>March or April. Can you tell me when you can star working with us? 
Well, I am not exactly sure about the date when I will be free. But I
will definitely be available early in April. 

If you consider I am qualified, we can sit down and talk about signing
the contract anytime. 
 
Regards
Peter


2/16/09	
Peter,

Actually, I am Happy to be working with you. The date is fine for us.
So I want to arrange an interview with our HR manager. Before that,
I would like to confirm the salary you wish to get after tax so that I
can pass your resume and basic information to our HR.

Regards,
Hwanii
</example>

** The money
<example>

2/16/09	
Hi Hwanii,

Can not be happier to see your letter! I will always be available for the HR interview.

The money? I will keep it 5000RMB/mth (after tax).  But I do not mind making it negotiable if necessary.

Hope see you soon. Keep in touch and many thanks!

Regards
Peter		
 

2/16/09	
Peter,

Thank you for your fast reply. You will be connected by our HR soon.

Regards,
Hwanii


2/18/09	
Hi Huanii,

Shen Rui called just now and we had a happy conversation. She said she
would let me know the final result soon, probably within this week. 

Regards
Peter


2/25/09
Peter,

So you will be joining us soon. I am looking forward to working with you.

Regards,
Hwanii
 
 
2/25/09
Hi Hwanii,

It is so exiting to just think about that:-) Hope see you soon!

Regards
Peter
</example>
** The Laptop
<example>
3/4/09
Peter,

Do you prepare laptop or desktop? I will consider your opinion when
we prepare your system.

Regards,
Hwanii

 
3/4/09
Hi Hwanii,

Well, I have my own desktop bought last year, it is 1G RAM plus 2 core
Intel CPU, and I am quite satisfied with it. 

That means I will prefer a laptop if possible. I do not have my own
and have been planing to buy one myself. So I will be very happy if
our company can buy me one. 

Another good news is that I will be free next week. So I would like to
start my work in Asianux as soon as possible. Shen Rui said it was OK
for her if only I could get all my materials ready on time. What is
your opinion? How about I start on 16th March? I hope the change will
not bring you much trouble. 

Many thanks!

Regards
Peter

 
3/4/09
Peter,

I have talked about this earlier with Rui. I guess you will be able to start
working from 16th. please contact Rui for detail. And Thank you for the
reply.. Talk to you later.

Regards,
Hwanii

 	
3/4/09
That's great, Hwanii, keep in touch.

</example>
** Paper Work
<example>
3/5/09
Hi Rui,

I will give Shirley all my materials on next Monday afternoon.

Regards
Peter
 
	
3/10/09
Peter,

I am looking forward to seeing you.

Regards,
Hwanii

</example>
