Personal Information

Name: Guosong Zhang (Billie)

Gender: female

Birth Date: July. 29th, 1983

Nationality: CHINA citizen

Address: Beijing, P.R.China

Mobile: (+86) 15910662889

Email: billie.jean.zhang@gmail.com

Home Page: http://billie66.users.sourceforge.net/

Sentence Bio

From windows hell to linux heaven, I am deeply attracted by the spirit
of open source, which is, as Linus Torvalds put it, the only right way
to do software. Linux world is full of awesome stuff that I did not
know before and am eager to exploit in the years to come. 

Skill Summary 

   1. Understanding of Linux kernel and embedded system design
   2. Skilled in use of C programming language
   3. Qt lover
   4. Familiar with shell programming(bash user)
   5. Git user
   6. Familiar with set of Apache+PHP+MySQL
   7. Good communicator in both Chinese and English languages
   8. Ability of quick learning and strong passion for new and interesting technology
   9. Python, Perl, Ruby, PHP, xml-- basic reading skill. 

Education

2007.9 ~ present: North China Electric Power University
Until now, I have more than two years R&D experience in NCEPU
Key Laboratory of Power Plant Equipment Condition Monitoring and Control

2002.9 ~ 2006.7: Hebei University of Science & Technology
During my undergraduate study, my major was Mechanical Engineering. I
was the Scholarship winner for all my four years study there. 

Tech experience

NO.1 Kernel Hacking

Being awesomely big and compilcated, Linux kernel is still a
mysterious galaxy to me, even though I have spent more than one year
wondering here and there through the guide of Understanding Linux
Kernel. What I actully achieved a little is device driver writing
based on 2.6 kernel for Samsung s3c2410 ARM chip. Registers, bitwise
manipulations, protocals and oops... a bit too heavy for grils quite
frankly. 

However, the painstaking effort in kernel has taught me the story from
the very bottom. It was so much fun, when the registers on s3c2410
Manual were wrapped inside my own ioctl(), and I was able to insmod my
pluggable module and call my home-brew systerm call inside my own Qt
GUI program. 

NO.2 Qt Programming
Strange thing is that I love Qt more than Gtk, even though I prefer
Gnome over KDE. Qt3 is used when I first learned GUI programming, but
Qt4 is now prefered because all its nice new feathers and the easier
portation to embedded platforms. 
Rumor has it Nokia is switching to Qt as it main framework for maemo OS.

NO.3 Systerm Administration
I love Ubuntu and use it as my day-to-day desktop
Synaptic+APT+dpkg works well for me to keep my OS sound.
When I do development, I use Redhat series including Fedora and
Packagekit+YUM+RPM is the set of tools used to keep my software well organized.

I would like to develop my own front-end software for system updaters with Qt in the future.

Books I love:

   1. Linux Device Driver 3
   2. Linux Tutorial
   3. C++ GUI Programming with Qt4,Second Edition
   4. C++ Primer,Fourth Edition
   5. C Programming language by K&R
   6. How to Think like a Computer Scientist, python Edition
   7. How to Think like a Computer Scientist, C++ Edition 

Tags

GNU-----Free Software-----Tech Girl-----Linux Fun

>>>create and endorse free software as a contribution to the progress of humanity<<<
