son of YumHacking

metadata=200
200 secs later yum will update cache xmls

*--group* is just like comps file

yum versionlog plugin to use as blklist



** below is from hwanii ppt file

How to setup repository
 - When a package is added/removed from a repository, you can update the repodata so that clients get updated with the repodata.


Createrepo v 0.9.5 is required.
   --update option is supported from v 0.9.5

  it can be updated on AXS3, which has 0.4.3. without ‘update option’, creating repodata takes too long time. So it must be updated.

  - v 0.9.7 seems to support delta rpm and requires yum v3.2.22 (higher than one in AXS3).  

Suggested command to create repository

<example>
# createrepo –c /tmp/createrepo.cache/ARCH --update –database –g COMPFILE.xml /var/www/html/auth/asianux/AXS3/ARCH
</example>

- you can put the repodata into another place by option “-o /PATH”
- comsfile should be in the target directory.

** How yum deals with issues we met with AXTU

1. Obsolete package handling
        - when updating packages with obsolete tag, the obsoleted packages are removed. But they(obsoleted packages) will show up in available package list for installation.
2. Packages with multi-architectures.
        - it works fine.
3. Blacklist. (AXTU, Yum?)
 - not the same but plugin “yum-versionlock” would do the same function. Or we can make one.
4. none-latest package detection
        - yum support, AXTU does not support. Ex) A 1.2 requires B 1.2 but the newest version is B1.3. AXTU can not install A 1.2 but yum can.
5. kernel update (not install)
        - Kernel-header and kernel-doc are updated and only the latest versions remain.
        - for other kernels packages, latest three packages are kept.
      - when old kernel is removed, dependent packages like kmod are remove together.
6. Incompatible package handling?
 - yum does not have it.. (as far as I know


When a package is added/removed from a repository, you can update the repodata so that clients get updated with the repodata.

 - There are some useful tools you can use to manage yum repositories.

<example>
repomanage -k2 --old /some/dir | xargs rm –f  : to delete old files from repository
reposync : to sync between two repo or to clone a repository.
verifytree : to verify repositories and repodata
</example>
http://yum.baseurl.org/wiki/RepoTools for details

