you are really nice friend, but really stupid when you do managemant.

Tomorrow I will talk about my requirements with you, you may fire me, no big deal.

just a little suprise as a refreshment for my [[mother]] otherwsie dull existence.

I need to [[sell_out_my_apartment]] and support my research, try to go to [[american]] 

[[li_kai_fu]] reminds me of my dream, which makes me feel strong again from this morning's 
depression.


OK, I got fired, this must be the last commit in the office, I am
afraid.

so I need to 
 - delete my ssh key
 - remove dropbox
 - anything else

Back home now, starting to do commits again, ha, great


**Words on My Leave**

OK, I got fired! Since I love the job and the people here, so it is strange to others
and even to myself that why I have to leave. The answer is 

       I am totally against the development model here in Asianux. 

Under this stupid model, kind managers are forced to be bossy, clever developers are forced to
do silly work. The whole peoject is ruined by dirty politics! It is just in the opposit way a open
source project shall be.

Well, I am always found myself difficult to control my anger when I think about all the evil rules 
of the company. Thus I am no longer able to express my idea logically. Anyway, the truth is obvious
enough out there to anyone, The only thing I want is to encourage everybody to think deeply the meaning of 
his life and what he really want to achieve in his career, in order to gather enough courage to better the current situation.

May God bless Asianux and all my friends here!
