VIDEO: http://dl.dropbox.com/u/3037689/lectures/cinelerra_usage.ogv

** Cinelerra
OK, now [[recordmydesktop]] is running, and we need to start **cinelerra**, I
am not sure about the pronunciation, but whatever, it works.

So,... it is kind of slow, but I think it is because **recordmydesktop**
is running on the background, otherwise it will not be so bad. So now
we first load the file...firstly we load our video file, the name is
*out-2.ogg*...this one, OK, so it is appended to the former project. I
think I need to do it again, I just need to press =d d d= , and all the
tracks-- video and audio tracks are deleted.

So now I do it again, load the same file *out-2.ogg*, then I need to add 
audio file, the sound. Be sure to append in a new track. It is a
NUST. Then the audio file is this one, now we can ...annoying... we
can set the format of the display, this is really important, otherwise
you get only part of the picture, the display. Then it is not so good.

And...maybe now press **Render**, and give a file name, the format, I
think **ogg** is the best(it is because it is open format, and you do not
need to install any other plugin to support it).

Now, Start rendering, take some time...but it works, 40 percent..
by the way the audio file has been edited by [[audacity]], to adjust the
time to the video, otherwise it won't match perfectly, so I just cut
off several seconds... a proper number of seconds at the beginning of
the audio file, so the audio keeps the pace with the video, it is
troublesome.

Now we get it, for some reason the video is not full screen, it
displays everything, but it gets smaller. I do not know why, it is
kind of OK, I think it is the green line ... OK, now I think it is done.

NOTE: change =setting->format->video->sample rate= , into **1.000**, this helps 
a lot if you want to make a ouput file smaller. But try not to change the 
audio setting lower, otherwsie the quality becomes unaccepttable. 
