
** text
OK, Let's begin. This talk is about [[rsync]], a very useful
synchronization tool.

So first of all, I want to have a look at what [[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rsync][wikipeida]]
tells us.

<example>
rsync is a software application for Unix systems which synchronizes
files and directories from one location to another while minimizing
data transfer using delta encoding when appropriate. An important
feature of rsync not found in most similar programs/protocols is that
the mirroring takes place with only one transmission in each
direction. 
</example>

AH...Anyway I do not think it is really important in this
talk. SO... I just want to say **Delta Encoding** is really a nice
feather, because every time it only transfer the *diffs*
the *diffs* between remote side data and local host data, only transfer
the different part of the two bulk of data, so that saves a lot of
time. 

(http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delta_encoding)
<example>
Delta encoding is a way of storing or transmitting data in the form of
differences between sequential data rather than complete files...
</example>
Yea, this is what I am talking about. I do not want to talk much here,
if you like you can check this page yourself.

Anyway, as long as you have Internet connection, Wikipedia is right
there for everybody of us.

go back...go back ... why you do not go back ...

AH, yeah, this is the page of the creator of rsync. Here they are
talking about the story about him, about why Linux project move form
**bitkeeper** to [[git]], it actually had much to do with this guy. 

And Linus Torvards does not like him really. In one of Linus speeches,
actually it was one of *google talks* ,Torvards said:
<example>
However, not everybody agreed with me, they are ugly and stupid, but
they caused problems...
</example>

And here is the guy *ugly and stupid* , it actually means this
guy--Tridgell.

But...he got a Ph.D, doctorate. and 

(http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrew_Tridgell)

<example>
 October 2003, The Bulletin magazine judged Tridgell to be
Australia's smartest Information and Communications Technology
person.
</example>
He is actually a very smart guy. I means this one(# ^ Torvalds knifes
Tridgell) is really interesting, you can have a look at
this. 

So I actually want to show you Tridgell's
web-site(http://www.samba.org/~tridge/)

...the picture, I do not like this guy very much..I.. the dog.. the
dog is so beautiful. Golden hair, look at the eyes... what a dish! 

Of course this is not the most interesting thing here. I want to show
you the graduate courses.

<example>
Graduate Courses

    * Free and Open Source Software Development

</example>

this is really something useful. If you click here, it will take you
to the web age (http://cs.anu.edu.au/students/comp8440/) of a
university. It is a very formal course, it has course number, or
lecture number? So it is actully a lecture of Australia National
University. College of Engineering and Computer Science.

And...if you click here, you get to say the lecture pages, you can
download the pdf files.  You also get video files available. Most
stuff here is interesting to us, but problem is the Australian
pronunciation, the Australian accent. I do not really like it.
 
OK, let's go back, I am kind of off-topic, so back..back..

This talk is mainly about *rsync*, yeah, this is our topic this
time. And I just want to show you something practical. If you go to my
web-site and you type ...yes http://happypeter.users.sourceforge.net

And if you search *rsync*, you just type *rsync* here. Here we go. We have
two links here.
<example>
rsync
sf_rsync
</example>

**sf** here stands for *Sourceforge*, here we get some useful info about rsync.
But this is not what I am going to talk about today. 

What I am mainly interested in today is how to use rsync to update my
SF web-site. Yea, this is the steps I took to update the web-site. SO
if everything I need is this command
<example>
rsync -r --delete /var/www/  happypeter@frs.sourceforge.net:/home/userweb/h/ha/happypeter/htdocs
</example>

the url of SF, my web-site directory...I can synchronize every thing
here (=/var/www=) into here (=/htdocs=)

It is not so difficult. But here I would like to give you some
demonstration about how to use this command properly. So first I want
to show a demo locally.

Let make =htdocs= as a local directory. On the local machine, the name
is just htdocs. It just the same thing like this htdocs. But it is on
local machine. So, what I need to do is to use this command and then
directory name...try it, see what will happen. So ... check.... OK,
here we go, we got all the web pages, and not only that, we also got
directories. Directories inside this directory. Here are some file
inside the sub-directory. 

So I want to explain *-r* actually means *recursive*, or *recursively*
(type =man rsync= and */-r* to see it)

It means you have file in directory or sub-directories, you will get
everything synchronized, nothing will be lost. So everything in
*/var/www/*  got synchronized.

TO BE CONTINUED ...
