Name: Peter Wang

Gender: male

Birth Date: Jan. 2nd, 1983

Nationality: CHINA citizen

Address: Beijing, P.R.China

Mobile: (+86) 134-2608-3580

Email: happypeter1983@gmail.com

HomePage: http://happypeter.users.sourceforge.net/ 

Sentence Bio

Peter Wang is a FOSS developer. 

Skill Summary

   1. Understanding of Linux kernel and embedded system design
   2. Skilled in use of C/C++ programming languages with Qt lib
   3. Phython programming and shell programming
   4. Git user
   5. Skillful Linux driver writer
   6. Skilled in use of PCB design tool Protel


Education

2006.9~2009.3: North China Electric Power University

I did embedded system design here. To be more specific, It was
embedded Linux development for ARM(s3c24x0) chips.  

2001.9~2005.7: Hebei University of Science & Technology

During my under graduate study, my major was Electrical Engineering.
Internship and Activities

2009.3~present: Work for Asianux Ltd.

System Updaters Based on rpm, (AXTU and YUM)

2008.7 ~ present: Member of Beijing Linux User Group

I am the manager of the Interest Group named Embedded Linux and
memeber of Group Quadcopter,but not so quaiified yet. No enough
contribution. 

2008.8 ~ 2008.9: worked for Lenovo Co.Ltd

I participated in the smartphone project Cixtone mainly worked on the
Officeviewer part developed with Qt 

2002.10 ~ 2002.12: lecturer of Daishi English training school

My part-time job, the responsibility was giving lectuers to high
school students, I wish one day I can give lectures on Linux. I really
love lecturing. 

Project Summary

2006.12~present: Tinylion

I am the founder of this project.
contains open source hardware as well as software. The software
contains driver and user_app.
 
2008.8 ~ 2008.12: Linux Device Driver (tinylion)
The driver is designed to control Sensor->ADC->SPI It is finally
compiled into a kernel module spi.ko, and loaded dynamiclly. 

2008.8 ~ 2008.9: Hardware Design and Implementation (tinylion)
The hardware platform is based on S3C2410 ARM chip. I bought a 6 layer
core board and designed a 2-layer extented board for it. 

2008.8 ~ 2008.9: User Application Design and Implementation (tinylion)
Tata is the PC version of this part.

2008.12 ~ present:Tata

Tata is a Qt project aiming at developing a data analysis program for
scientific use. It contains wave form display and other data analysis
functions. It is a SF.net hosted open source project. I am the founder
and the administrator of Tata, working with developers from many
countries. 

2008.8 ~ 2008.9: Nokia N810

As a student reseacher in Lenovo, I am urged to estimate the Nokia
N810 development platform to figure out whether it is suitable for
Lenovo's next generation smartphone development. Thus I installed
maemo on my own machine, and tried to run some Helloworld examples. 

2008.12 ~ 2009.1: Porting Qt4.4.3 to S3C2410 Platform

Formerly Tinylion user app part was written under a older version of
Qt/embedded, but now I am able to port the latest version of
Qt/embedded to my own hardware platform.  



If you want to know more about me, check my CV ([[peter_cv]])
