puter Science & Engineering Dept., Fudan Univ.  Hongyu Zhang   Tel: (+86)13795229651   Email: zhy1030@gmail.com

Personal Information

Name：                                           (Harry)

Gender:                                          male

Birth Date:                                      Oct. 30th, 1982

Nationality:                                     CHINA citizen


Summary

Deep understanding of Linux kernel and embedded system design

Skilled in use of C/C++ programming languages

Familiar with Linux programming and shell programming

Familiar with embedded operating systems such as WinCE, uClinux, uCOS, and Embedded Linux

Familiar with embedded system design using 51/ARM7/ARM9/Xscale/Freescale chips

Skilled in use of design tools such as ADS, CodeWarrior, Keil, and Protel

Ability of quick learning and strong passion for new and interesting technology

Education

2005.9 ~ 2008.7                               Fudan University (Recommended Student)

Dept. of Computer Science and Engineering  M.S

Major: Embedded systems (Advisor: Prof. Zhanglong Chen)

GPA: 3.72/4.0; Rank top 10%

2001.9 ~ 2005.7                            Tongji University

Dept. of Electronic Information Engineering  B.E

GPA: 4.48/5.0; Rank: 1/188

2002.9 ~ 2004.7:                            Fudan University

                                                                                    International Economics and Trade  Minor

Honors and Awards

2006.10              The 3rd People's Scholarship of Fudan University

2006.3              The 2nd prize of 2006 Embedded System Design Contest in Shanghai

2005.9              Scholarship of Excellent Student by Recommendation of Fudan University

2005.6              Excellent Graduates of Shanghai City

2004.11              The 2nd prize of 2004 National Undergraduate Electronic Design Contest

2002.10 / 2004.10              Straight-A student of Tongji University (2 times)

2003.10              Straight-A student of Shangchai City

2003.10              GuoXie BiRong Scholarship

2002.10 / 2004.10              The 2nd State Scholarship (2 times)

2002.10 ~ 2004.10              The 1st (2 times) and 2nd (1 time) Prize of Tongji Academic Scholarship

Patent

Patent Name:               Home Digital Terminal Unit（              200710171654.0）

Patent Type:              Invention

Application state:              Waiting for authorization

Brief Introduction:               My invention is a kind of terminal
device which can be used at home as data server, web server, video
phone and remote-control gateway while waiving some inconveniences
such as domain name registration. 

Research Experience

2005.9 ~ present:              Work in Embedded System Laboratory of
the Computer Science and Technology Department of Fudan
University. Research on wireless sensor networks and RFID application 

2003.3 ~ 2005.6              Worked in Embedded System Laboratory of
the Electronic Information Engineering Department of Tongji
University. Mainly worked on electronic and embedded system design 

Internship and Activities

2007.9 ~ present:                            Lecturer of Fullcast Technology Co., Ltd; Part-time; 1000RMB/day

2007.7 ~ 2007.8                            Linux kernel engineering in Voipack Co.,Ltd; Intern; 200RMB/day

2007.3 ~ 2007.7                            IT specialist of ISI(International Study Institute) Shanghai; Part-time

2005.10 ~ present                            Vice monitor and vice party branch secretary of class

2001.9 ~ 2005.6                            Commissioner of study of the student union; Monitor of class

Project Summary

Project Name:               Research on Localization and Storehouse Management Based on Wireless sensor Networks and Active RFID (2007.3 ~ present)

Language:                                           C/C++, C#

Development Tools:               Codewarrior, Keil uVersion2, Protel DXP, Visual Studio 2005, SQLServer

Platform:                                           MC98SC08+MC13192, C8051F+CC1100, Windows DotNet+SQLServer

Responsibility:                            Team leader of 6 people, Hardware and firmware developer

Introduction:                                          This project mainly includes two parts. The first part is RFID tap localization in wireless sensor networks, which is planned to be used in prisoner management in correctional farm. The second part is the application of active RFID in military storehouse management.

Project Name:               Application of Active RFID with Wireless Sensor Networks in Container Stacking Area (2006.6 ~ 2006.12)

Language:                                           C/C++

Development Tools:               Codewarrior, Protel DXP, Delphi, SQLServer

Platform:                                           MC98SC08+MC13192, SMAC, Delphi+SQLServer

Responsibility:                            Hardware and firmware developer

Introduction:                                          Designed a container stacking management system, in which the technique of active RFID and wireless sensor networks are combined together to trace containers.

Project Name:               Eye-Controlled Mouse (2006.1 ~ 2006.5)

Language:                                           C/C++

Development Tools:               ARM Developer Suite, VC++

Platform:                                           uC/OS, EasyARM 2131

Responsibility:                            Hardware and firmware developer

Introduction:                                          Designed a
mouse which can be controlled by eyes. The device collects EOG
(electro-oculogram) signals which indicate the movement of eyes, and
translate the eye movement information to PC to control the movement
of the cursor. This project won the 2nd prize of 2006 Embedded System
Design Contest in Shanghai. 

Project Name:               A tiny operating system (2006.3 ~ 2006.6)

Language:                                           C

Development Tools:               ARM Developer Suite

Platform:                                           EasyARM 2104

Responsibility:                            Designed and implemented this tiny operating system

Introduction:                                          Designed and
implemented a tiny operating system supporting multitasking and
semaphore (no file system) on ARM platform. 

Project Name:               Terminal Multimedia Device Based on Linux (2004.4 ~ 2004.9)

Language:                                           C/C++

Development Tools:               ARM Linux tool chain, QTEmbedded, QT

Platform:                                           Sitsang(ARM Xscale), QTopia, Linux

Responsibility:                            Low level software development and USB camera driver development.

Introduction:                                          Designed and
implemented an application of multimedia device based on Linux using
Sitsang board, which has functions of videophone, address list
management, camera control and so on. The CPU of Sitsang board is
PXA255. The project won the 2nd prize of 2004 Intel Cup National
Undergraduate Electronic Design Contest. 
