** Supproted Languanges

<example>
# Support for many programming languages, including PHP (via mod_php), Perl, Python, Tcl, Ruby, and shell scripts.
# Support for several database platforms is provided, including MySQL (through our Project Database service), DBM, and SQLite. 
</example>

** 
ssh to sf server, try 
<example>
[happypeter@shell-22008 htdocs]$ php
php         php-cgi     php-config  phpize      
[happypeter@shell-22008 htdocs]$ python
python     python2    python2.4  
[happypeter@shell-22008 htdocs]$ python
</example>

then I can also do anything here.

I can add a blog, I can use muse as a wiki...anything...

No, you can not get write access in browers.

as long as my script has the write poermision to all the html files.





** run cgi to write to htdocs/
<example>
Search:: ss
the usr of the cgi is :apache

basic_issue

css 
</example>


<example>
[happypeter@shell-22008 userweb]$ cd htdocs/
[happypeter@shell-22008 htdocs]$ chown apache\: index.html 
chown: changing ownership of `index.html': Operation not permitted
[happypeter@shell-22008 htdocs]$ chown apache index.html 
chown: changing ownership of `index.html': Operation not permitted
[happypeter@shell-22008 htdocs]$ chgrp apache index.html 
chgrp: changing group of `index.html': Permission denied
</example>


on SF server I have:
<example>
[happypeter@shell-23010 htdocs]$ ls -l index.html 
-rwxrwxrwx 1 happypeter users 1779 Jan 26 14:33 index.html
</example>
but strange thing is I can only read it as browser user **apache**, 
<example>
f = open("index.html","r")
</example>

if I change "r" to "w", then it will fail. Why?

I test it on my machine, try to open file owned by peter but granted writed access to everybody

I tried it as user **lover**, it was done.

I envn try to run the same cgi through my brower (the user is on my machine:www-data)
then I can write to index.html.

why the SF:apache can not modify a file with mode 777?

A: there are people saying if you do open(filename,"w") to a file,
that means you want to has the rights to change the file name as well
so you need to have the write access to the dir to open
successfully. this is nonsense, since I check on my own machine:
<example>
peter@cow:/var$ ls -ld www
drwxr-xr-x 4 peter peter 12288 2010-01-26 23:11 www
peter@cow:/var$ 
</example>
**other user** and not write the dir. but *index.html* is changed.

But finally this is what I believe:
<example>
here's a couple reasons this could fail. Based on the information
around, it isn't a problem with file permissions. The first, and
possibly most likely, is that your web server is running in a
configuration that it has read-only access to the entire
filesystem. This could be because NFS is mounted read-only, or because
PHP or the server is configured in such a way as to prevent writing. 
</example>

even though I can still change index.html, when I am log in through
ssh, I tend to believe SF just forbid the wrrite access through the
browser in some way.

** ssh
<example>
peter@cow:~$ sf_gitbro_rsync -c
happypeter,gitbro@shell.sourceforge.net's password: 

You already have a shell created.

This is an interactive shell created for user happypeter,tinylion.
Use the "timeleft" command to see how much time remains before shutdown.
Use the "shutdown" command to destroy the shell before the time limit.
For path information and login help, type "sf-help".

[happypeter@shell-23010 ~]$ cd /home/groups/t/ti/tinylion/
[happypeter@shell-23010 tinylion]$ ls
ls: .: Permission denied
[happypeter@shell-23010 tinylion]$ whoami
happypeter
[happypeter@shell-23010 tinylion]$ 
[happypeter@shell-23010 tinylion]$ cd /home/groups/g/gi/gitbro/
cgi-bin/    htdocs/     persistent/ 
[happypeter@shell-23010 tinylion]$ cd /home/groups/g/gi/gitbro/
[happypeter@shell-23010 gitbro]$ ls
cgi-bin  htdocs  persistent
[happypeter@shell-23010 gitbro]$ cd cgi-bin/
[happypeter@shell-23010 cgi-bin]$ ls
[happypeter@shell-23010 cgi-bin]$ 
</example>

<example>
[happypeter@shell-23010 cgi-bin]$ ls -l
total 8
-rwxr-xr-x 1 happypeter gitbro 731 Jan 27 03:58 search.py
[happypeter@shell-23010 cgi-bin]$ 
</example>
search.py won't work for gitbro web

** Billie cgi
<example>
peter@cow:~$ mv search.py xx
peter@cow:~$ rsync -r  xx/ billie66@frs.sourceforge.net:/home/users/b/bi/billie66/userweb/cgi-bin/
billie66@frs.sourceforge.net's password: 
</example>

so finally we have:
<example>
[billie66@shell-22009 cgi-bin]$ pwd
/home/users/b/bi/billie66/userweb/cgi-bin
[billie66@shell-22009 cgi-bin]$ ls -l
total 8
-rw-r--r-- 1 billie66 users 1149 Jan 28 11:21 search.py
[billie66@shell-22009 cgi-bin]$ 
</example>

the user and group is just the same as the cgi file in happypeter home page

but strange thing is happypeter cgi runs well, but billie's does not!
