<contents>
OK, let's get started. Hello, this is Peter Wang from Beijing. 

And today I would like to talk with you about 
* what is linux.
if you want
to be a programmer for linux, or maybe simply as a user of linux
operating system, you may find what I am talking about here is
interesting to you.

So first of all, Linux is a OS(which is short for Operating System),
I want to start by giving you a basic idea of 

** what is a operating system.
Er..A operating system is sth you must install before you can use your
personal computer. If you do not have a operating system installed on
your machine, you won't be able to use any applications, such as
InternetExplore or PhotoShop or anything.

WindowsXP is a operating system, same is true for win95 win2000,
I do not really like Windows family of operating systems, but they are
the OS that most people are familiar with. 

Anyway, today I would like to take you to linux world, by saying this
I mean, if you have linux installed on your computer, you do not need
to install windows anymore. And actully 

** Linux is a better operating system
Well, if you've ever heard of people talking about Linux, that may
left you a impression that Linux is designed for computer experts and
it is hard to learn and use for common people. Back to 5 years ago, I
should say that is the truth. But with the time passing by, Linux are
getting more and more user-friendly, day-to-day use is now actually as
easy as windows with a certain knowing of linux basics.

Let me give you some examples. If you want to go surfing the web, then
first thing you may do is to open IE in windows, but if you use Linux,
there will be no IE available, now as a linuxer, you need to use
Firefox, but basiclly the operation is very similar to IE: 
 - lanuch it by double-click the icon on your desktop
 - type in the url in the address bar 
 - type Enter and your page is there

it is just so simple. And as experts put it, firefox is actully more
technologily advanced than IE, being more secure, powerful and so on. 

Anothor example is Gimp as a substitution of Photoshop, you get all the
similar fuctions in Gimp and you do not need to buy Photoshop licenses
anymore. Gimp, like most Linux applicaitions, is free of charge.

And Linux OS itself is free of charge as well, you do not need to pay
to get it, and there is no need to worry about all these dirty
licenses anymore. 

If you are considering switch to Linux, I will say

** ubutnu is the best Linux version for beginners
Because it is easier to use.
you can go 

http://www.ubuntu.com/ 

to download the iso file, burn it to a CD and get it installed on your
home machine. 

Maybe Next talk I will give you some clues about how to inatall
ubuntu.

But that is all for this talk, thanks for listening and Bye.
