vivion is the most beautiful girl in the world, but not the only
one:-) and that is great

I had a dinner with MengNa and her hansome husband just now. She had a
five months baby in her body, but that did not take away even a bit
of her charm as I thought it might would before I saw her today. Her
eyes shinning brighter, her cheeks more lovely with the delicious red
that easily took my breath away. In fear of making her husband angry or
suspecious, I tried to spent most of my time talking with him, but
found it was so hard to concentrate with Na's smile shinning there,
though the young gentleman has his own charm by being really true and
polite.


It was time to leave, standing on one corner of the cross road,
I even saw a bit sadness in her eyes, maybe it was my illusion, yet
possibly true thinking all our nice conversation in the subway those
days.
 

I did not care too much, what is important to me is the sadness is so beautiful in the cold darknees. Her hasband is
so good to her, I shall fight to protect their nice relationship and
love, my own one was destroyed, but I really cherish the purity
of theirs.  

Anyway, I was shocked by the eyes, so I start to compare it with
vivion's. The third year of my college time, when Na and Vivion were
both strangers to me. First time saw Na's eyes, I felt nothing, but by
only the first sight of vivion's, I falled in love with her. So I
think I am not old enough to keep myself calm when I see vivion again.
I will surely lose my courage to fight, and want nothing but more
time with her, I will feel America is too far and too cold, and my
whole life changed. However I am not afriad of that.I will be happy if I am eventally killed by beauty.
 
